
jdk.GarbageCollection#enabled: true
jdk.GarbageCollection#threshold: 0 ms
jdk.ParallelOldGarbageCollection#enabled: true
jdk.ParallelOldGarbageCollection#threshold: 0 ms
jdk.YoungGarbageCollection#enabled: true
jdk.YoungGarbageCollection#threshold: 0 ms
jdk.OldGarbageCollection#enabled: true
jdk.OldGarbageCollection#threshold: 0 ms
jdk.G1GarbageCollection#enabled: true
jdk.G1GarbageCollection#threshold: 0 ms
jdk.GCPhasePause#enabled: true
jdk.GCPhasePause#threshold: 0 ms
jdk.GCPhasePauseLevel1#enabled: true
jdk.GCPhasePauseLevel1#threshold: 0 ms
jdk.GCPhasePauseLevel2#enabled: true
jdk.GCPhasePauseLevel2#threshold: 0 ms
jdk.GCPhasePauseLevel3#enabled: false
jdk.GCPhasePauseLevel3#threshold: 0 ms
jdk.GCPhasePauseLevel4#enabled: false
jdk.GCPhasePauseLevel4#threshold: 0 ms
jdk.GCPhaseConcurrent#enabled: true
jdk.GCPhaseConcurrent#threshold: 0 ms
jdk.GCReferenceStatistics#enabled: true
jdk.PromotionFailed#enabled: true
jdk.EvacuationFailed#enabled: true
jdk.EvacuationInformation#enabled: true
jdk.G1MMU#enabled: true
jdk.G1EvacuationYoungStatistics#enabled: true
jdk.G1EvacuationOldStatistics#enabled: true
jdk.GCPhaseParallel#enabled: true
jdk.GCPhaseParallel#threshold: 0 ms
jdk.G1BasicIHOP#enabled: true
jdk.G1AdaptiveIHOP#enabled: true
jdk.PromoteObjectInNewPLAB#enabled: true
jdk.PromoteObjectOutsidePLAB#enabled: true
jdk.ConcurrentModeFailure#enabled: true
jdk.AllocationRequiringGC#enabled: false
jdk.AllocationRequiringGC#stackTrace: true
jdk.TenuringDistribution#enabled: true

jdk.G1HeapRegionInformation#enabled: false
jdk.G1HeapRegionInformation#period: everyChunk
jdk.G1HeapRegionTypeChange#enabled: false

jdk.ShenandoahHeapRegionInformation#enabled: false
jdk.ShenandoahHeapRegionInformation#period: everyChunk
jdk.ShenandoahHeapRegionStateChange#enabled: false

jdk.ZPageAllocation#enabled: true
jdk.ZPageAllocation#threshold: 10 ms
jdk.ZThreadPhase#enabled: true
jdk.ZThreadPhase#threshold: 0 ms

jdk.ZStatisticsCounter#enabled: false
jdk.ZStatisticsCounter#threshold: 0 ms
jdk.ZStatisticsSampler#enabled: false
jdk.ZStatisticsSampler#threshold: 0 ms

jdk.ModuleRequire#enabled: true
jdk.ModuleRequire#period: endChunk
jdk.ModuleExport#enabled: true
jdk.ModuleExport#period: endChunk

jdk.SecurityPropertyModification#enabled: false
jdk.SecurityPropertyModification#stackTrace: true
jdk.TLSHandshake#enabled: false
jdk.TLSHandshake#stackTrace: true
jdk.X509Validation#enabled: false
jdk.X509Validation#stackTrace: true
jdk.X509Certificate#enabled: false
jdk.X509Certificate#stackTrace: true
